new resource "azurerm_monitor_smart_detector_alert_rule" (#9032)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/monitor_smart_detector_alert_rule.html.markdown

  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  application_type    = "web"
}

resource "azurerm_monitor_action_group" "example" {
  name                = "example-action-group"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  short_name          = "exampleactiongroup"
}

resource "azurerm_monitor_smart_detector_alert_rule" "example" {
  name                = "example-smart-detector-alert-rule"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  severity            = "Sev0"
  scope               = [azurerm_application_insights.example.id]
  frequency           = "PT1M"
  detector_id         = "FailureAnomaliesDetector"

  action_group {
    ids = [azurerm_monitor_action_group.test.id]
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Monitor Smart Detector Alert Rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the resource group in which the Monitor Smart Detector Alert Rule should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `detector_id` - (Required) Specifies the Built-In Smart Detector id that this alert rule will use. Currently possible values are `FailureAnomaliesDetector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `detector_type` - (Required) Specifies the Built-In Smart Detector type that this alert rule will use. The only possible value is `FailureAnomaliesDetector`.
```

> * `scope` - (Required) Specifies the scopes of this Smart Detector Alert Rule.

Reviewer: could we be a bit more clear what type of value/values are epected here?

Author: the scope depends on smart detector. Different detector supports different scope

* `action_group` - (Required) An `action_group` block as defined below.

* `severity` - (Required) Specifies the severity of this Smart Detector Alert Rule. Possible values are `Sev0`, `Sev1`, `Sev2`, `Sev3` or `Sev4`.

* `frequency` - (Required) Specifies the frequency of this Smart Detector Alert Rule in ISO8601 format.

* `description` - (Optional) Specifies a description for the Smart Detector Alert Rule.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Is the Smart Detector Alert Rule enabled? Defaults to `true`.

* `throttling` - (Optional) A `throttling` block as defined below.

---

The `action_group` block supports the following:

* `ids` - (Required) Specifies the action group ids.

> * `custom_email_subject` - (Optional) Specifies the custom email subject.

Reviewer: could we expand on what happens when this is left empty?
```suggestion
* `email_subject` - (Optional) Specifies a custom email subject.
```

Author: have added more specific explanation for this field.

> * `custom_webhook_payload` - (Optional) A JSON String which Specifies the custom webhook payload.

Reviewer: could we expand on what happens when this is left empty?
```suggestion
* `webhook_payload` - (Optional) A JSON String which Specifies the custom webhook payload.
```

Author: have added more specific explanation for this field.
